I am always looking to work with enthusiastic students! When contacting me via email for the first time, to show that you have read this page, please include the word “courage” in your email title.

#### PhD Students
My [Ph.D. Student Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kc4AUlhtgrO8_oDrs9IqO40OEMe7HQM_ShQHyLNwlBQ/edit) is a good resource to read before deciding if I'm a good potential advisor for you. If so, you should apply to the [Computer Science & Engineering PhD program](https://cse.umn.edu/cs/phd-overview) at University of Minnesota, specifying an interest to work with me in the application and the essay. Additionally, I encourage you to reach out to me via email after submitting your application, to tell me a little bit more about yourself and why you are interested in working with me. University of Minnesota graduate school admissions are decided by a committee of faculty holistically based on many factors including: grades, research experience, quality of other applicants, recommendation letters, etc. Ph.D. Students, whom I accept directly to work with me, will have funding as a fellowship, RAship, or TAship through the first 5 years (10 semesters) of their Ph.D. as long as they are making acceptable progress in the program.

#### Undergraduate, MS Students, and High School Students
If you're interested in joining the lab, you should complete the [New Student Challenge](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ghktd87E86ICgPnTp5BgwRTXhPRb8PhIdnaOnPVwzt4/edit). Students are expected to commit to two or more semesters (with an official commitment for course credit). Other expectations include attending the weekly lab meeting on Fridays 11-12 and weekly meetings with your project lead. While I do not generaly guarantee funding to either undergraduates or MS students, I am happy to help hard working students secure sources of funding such as TAships, [UROP awards](https://ugresearch.umn.edu/), and REU funding if it is available.

#### Post-Docs and Visitors
Generally, my ability to accommodate post-doctoral students and visitors is limited by funding. I do not have such funding at this time, but should funding become available, I will update this page with the necessary information. However, post-docs or visitors with funding from other sources should certainly reach out via email to see if collaboration would make sense given your research background and goals.

After we discuss you officially joining the lab (at any of these levels), you must read the [ProDUCT Lab Student Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/129OCI6i_EHwvIV7gVEzVxSJV0qLCLGSPyIaEL3NfpVk/edit) for instructions for onboarding, guidelines, etc.